I'm a 24 years old millionaire, and this is the strategy you should be using if you want
to hit seven figures, like 100K per month in the trading space.
This is going to be the most important video that you're going to watch on your TikTok
or social media ever, because I'm giving you the exact rules, actionable steps you could
use for yourself without a need to either follow me or follow other mentors.
A mentor is someone you work with 101, that's the deal, but the principles is, when you
are trading the NASDAQ, it doesn't matter if it's an index C, CFD, or if it's a cash
market or if it's a micro or mini future, you just have to be aware of the leverage.
Mini is 25x leverage, micro is 2, and the CFD, the cash market, is just like 101.
You have to not trade for the first 15 minutes.
After that, you mark the highs and the lows for the first 15 market, the price fluctuation,
and what you do is you mark the highs and lows, and you only enter long if it breaks
more than 15 points above, and you enter short, so if it goes up 15 points you go in, you
risk 30 points, and you target 60 points, so 2R on your funder challenge, live challenge,
whatever you want to do, you risk never more than 0.5%, you target 1%, okay?
So that's the golden rule, and that's the real bankroll management system that will
keep you in this game.
Once you really see there's really progress and momentum, after 15 minutes, and you could
see it really went up, but it really didn't go above that 15 minute highs after 5-10 minutes
after that 15 minute time period, you do not do anything, but once it's really come above
with 15 points, then you win, and then your job is just to set and forget.
You could eat, this have like over 65% win rate, and with that 2R risk to reward, like
1% win, 2.5% risk, you could be using the stop loss at 20, and target 40, you could
also be using 30, target 60, but you can also be doing the 20 or the 30 point stop loss,
it doesn't really matter, you have to pay attention to this, it doesn't really matter
if you target 100 or 120 points, okay?
You still have the same win rate, okay?
So you might ask, why do you only target 60 points or 40 points, because you don't want
to be holding it, and you don't want to be waiting and thinking mentally about the overall
positions, okay?
But it still works, okay?
So it doesn't matter how many points you go after, you just have to really not risk more
than 0.5%, you could target 1% like I do, you could target 1.5%, 2%, 3%, 4%, it still
works, it still works, okay?
What does not work is if you go in and you have a very wide stop loss, you start risking
1%, 2%, 3%, don't do that, so you could have the 20 point stop loss, but make sure you
adjust it to only risk if you fund your account of 50k or 100k, only risk like the 0.5%, same
with my live account, if I have 5 million, I never risk more than 50k, okay, per trade,
that's the worst, worst, worst swing ever, okay, per day, so per session 0.5%, these
numbers is so easy for you to, you know, copy and learn it for yourself and you can backtest
it and you can backtest it and you can do it with whatever software you want and you
can see this actually works on the DAX, on the UK 100, on the NASDAQ and how can you
trade the DAX with funder account, you could trade the FDXM or FDXS, okay, this is the
micro for DAX moving like MNQ, 2x leverage, so no excuses here, there's nothing to worry
about, just trust the system, trust the process and remember, every time you get stucked out,
it was a part of the plan, every time you are exit something, remember to celebrate,
not just mentally, but also go out, celebrate and tell yourself that this is great, this
system works, we should be using it over and over again, max 2 trades, max 1% risk per
day, 0.5% per trade, max 2 trades per day, overall, this rate will make you very wealthy,
and if you start with 10, 20, 30k on your live account with TD365, if you want to get
help with common trading, I can send you the program I am using, you can get mentored
by me, okay, but you don't have to, okay, but you can, and you can reach out, but this
is poor value to you, okay, this is not something that I want to sell you, okay, what I mean
with that is I am actually giving you the rules, so stop making excuses, start executing.
